# Angular Test

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.2.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## About the Task

1.	Used API for Login to fetch the list of users. Credentials are : { "email": "admin@admin.com", "password": "admin" }. Successful login stores a session key.
2.	Implemented Auth Guard to protect the routes by checking the session key is valid or not.
3.	Created a Global Service in which there are multiple functions for different API requests.
4.	Created 3 Directives for Menu Opening,Numbers only and Characters only restrictions respectively.
5.	Used the Currency and Uppercase inbuilt pipes.
6.	Created a Generic Model for both Customer and Transaction.
7.	Used Angular Material.
8.	Restricted the Phone Number and Transfer Amount fields using the Number only Directive.
9.	Autogenerated the Reference Number field with a sequence number which gets incremented on successfull transaction submission.
10.	Customer Name,Address and Phone number fields are disabled and readonly.
11.	Customer Number field has max length and min length of 5.
12.	Bank Account Number field has min length and max length of 14.
13. Customer Number should be one of these {23423,23424,23425,23426,23427,23428,23429,23430,23431,23432}
14. Used Toaster from ToastrNgx.

•	Source For Online REST API's :

1.	Login GET API : URL : https://ngdemoapi.getsandbox.com/login
Request Params : { "email": "admin@admin.com", "password": "admin" }
Response : { "ID": "1", "token": "23546", "email": "admin@admin.com", "password": "admin", "display_name": "Admin"}

2.	New Transaction POST API : URL : https://ngdemoapi.getsandbox.com/saveTransaction  
Request Params : {"refNumber":"CUS201908111","customer_info":{"customerNo":"23423","custName":"SHORT.NAME23423","custAdd":"STREET-ADDR","custPhone":"22222222"},"transferAmt":"24234","currency":"MUR","baneBank":"ICICI","beneAccNo":"3535534","paymentDetails":"UPI"}
Response : { "status": "success" }

3.	View-All Transaction GET API : URL : https://ngdemoapi.getsandbox.com/getSubmitedTransactions 
Response : [ {
    "reference": "CUS201908023466",
    "customer_number": "23423",
    "customer_name": "ABC XYZ",
    "tansaction_details": {
      "transfer_id": "XYZ",
      "transfer_amount": "43454",
      "transfer_currency": "USD",
      "beneficiary_bank": "State bank of india",
      "beneficiary_account_number": "34567856754356",
      "payment_details": "netbanking"
    }
  }]

4.	Get customer details by customer number GET API : URL : https://ngdemoapi.getsandbox.com/customerById/{CUST_NO}
Response : {
  "CUST_INFO": {
    "CUST_NO": "23423",
    "SHORT_NAME": "SHORT.NAME23423",
    "IS_INDIVIDUAL": "Y",
    "NATIONALITY": "MU",
    "NATIONALITY_NUM": "480",
    "NATIONALITY_DESC": "INDIAN",
    "STREET_ADDR": "STREET-ADDR",
    "ADDRESS_LINE2": [],
    "ADDRESS_LINE3": [],
    "TOWN_COUNTRY": "CUREPIPE",
    "POST_CODE": [],
    "COUNTRY": "COUNTRY",
    "COUNTRY_CODE": "MU",
    "COUNTRY_CODE_NUM": "480",
    "DESPATCH_CODE": "MA",
    "CONTACT_INFO_V7": {
      "CONTACT_INFO_V7": {
        "COMM_CHANNEL": "BY EMAIL",
        "PHONE_LIST_V7": {
          "PHONE_LIST_ITEM_V7": {
            "PHONE": "22222222"
          }
        },
        "OFFICE_PHONE_LIST_V7": {
          "OFFICE_PHONE_LIST_ITEM_V7": {
            "OFFICE_PHONE": []
          }
        },
        "FAX_LIST_V7": {
          "FAX_LIST_ITEM_V7": {
            "FAX": []
          }
        },
        "SMS_LIST_V7": {
          "SMS_LIST_V7": {
            "MOB_OPER_ISO": "48",
            "MOB_OPER_CODE": "ORANGEMU",
            "SMS_FORMATTED": "+230123456789",
            "SMS_LIST_ITEM_V7": {
              "SMS_LIST_ITEM_V7": {
                "SMS": "+230123456789"
              }
            }
          }
        },
        "EMAIL_LIST_V7": {
          "EMAIL_LIST_ITEM_V7": {
            "EMAIL": "THIS_IS_A_TEST@GMAIL.COM"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
